Adding events in configuration service (#582)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/development/developing-service-configuration-apps.md

5. In the `node/service.json` file, add `"settingsType": "workspace"` to the app's path to define which routes will be able to receive configurations through requests. You should end up with something similar to the example below:

```json
"routes": {
  "status": {
    "path": "/_v/status/:code",
    "public": true,
    "settingsType": "workspace"
  },
  ...
}
```

> It's important to say that this type of configuration is also available for event listening. If you are listening to an event, in your `service.json` you should have something like this:
> ```json
> "events": {
>   "eventHandler": {
>     "sender": "appEmittingTheEvent",
>     "keys": ["topic"],
>     "settingsType": "workspace"
>   },
>   ...
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It is also possible to **define your configurations through event listening**. For this scenario, you should add in the  `node/service.json` file something similar to the example below, replacing the values according to your needs: 

```json
"events": {
  "eventHandler": {
    "sender": "appEmittingTheEvent",
    "keys": ["topic"],
    "settingsType": "workspace"
  },
  ...
}
```
```
